On a data stream project,
there can be multiple stakeholders.
It may be helpful to think of each of them in terms of
consumers and producers of information.
The application development team produces data streams you will consume.
They also consume data streams you will produce.
Data engineering teams may maintain
the infrastructure you use to run streaming applications.
Often, data science is the area responsible for
creating and maintaining streaming applications.
C-level executives come to rely on rapidly available recommendations,
produced by streaming analytics.
Running a company can be very challenging,
unless the right information is available.